com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/BuildConfig.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.BuildConfig
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MulherPadreInf.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MulherPadreInf
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/HoradeDormir.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$10
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$11
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.HoradeDormir$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/RolagemDados.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RolagemDados$8
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/PortalTurbulento.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.PortalTurbulento
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/UltimoMulherPadre.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.UltimoMulherPadre
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MapaPets.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaPets$6
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MapaArcadia.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$10
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$11
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaArcadia$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/RegraRiders.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RegraRiders
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/ModoEpisodico.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.ModoEpisodico
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MapaBeyound.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaBeyound$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/CriancasNoite.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.CriancasNoite
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/NaoExisteAtrasosInf.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.NaoExisteAtrasosInf
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/BatalhaReal.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.BatalhaReal
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/Tacos.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.Tacos
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/NoiteSemLua.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.NoiteSemLua
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MapaRiders.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaRiders$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/CriancasNoiteInf.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.CriancasNoiteInf
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/PortalTurbulentoInf.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.PortalTurbulentoInf
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/NaoExisteAtrasos.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.NaoExisteAtrasos
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/NoiteSemLuaInf.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.NoiteSemLuaInf
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/Pix.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.Pix
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MainActivity.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$10
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MainActivity$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/MapaInferno.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$10
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$11
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$12
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.MapaInferno$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/TelaExtra.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$1
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$2
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$3
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$4
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$5
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$6
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$7
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$8
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.TelaExtra$9
com/andrefthompson/arcadiaquest/RegrasRolagens.java
 com.andrefthompson.arcadiaquest.RegrasRolagens
